I want to build an application that keeps track of completed bicycle rides and planned bicycle routes, with an aditional page with statistic information (the results of some queries) about the completed rides. It should be a Nuxt-application with NuxtUI, Tailwindcss and Better-SQLite3. NuxtUI will be used for the form and data table components and buttons in the app and the general layout (i.e. UHeader, UMain, UFooter etc.). All buttons are without rounded corners. The app will consist of four pages: the 'Rides' page (also the Home page), the 'Routes' page, the 'Statistics' page and the 'About' page. There will be a navigation bar with the name of the app ('Feats') on the left and a menu with links to the four pages on the right. There will be a footer with the name of the app with the addition ' - keep track of your bicycle rides and planned routes' and the version number. The version number will also link to the 'About' page.

The 'Rides' and the 'Routes' pages both have a form at the top and a table with the results from the corresponding database tables below the form. The tables will dynamically change when a change is made to the database, like adding, deleting or updating a record. Both tables must be paginated (showing 10 rows at a time) and sortable. Both tables have a search field and a column visibility selectMenu at the top right. On the top left there will be two initially disabled buttons: 'Edit' and 'Delete'. These buttons will be enabled when a row in the table is selected. In both tables a single row must be selectable for editting (changing) or deleting purposes. When a row is selected for editting by clicking the edit button, the content of the row will be copied into the corresponding fields of the form, which will get the focus, and the button text 'Add' will change in 'Update'. 

The Rides form will have the following fields, which corresponds with the 'rides-table' in the database:
[1] 'Date' (required, inputDate with Datapicker), 
[2] 'Description' (required, text),
[3] 'Distance' (required, real), 
[4] 'Average' (optional, real), 
[5] 'Bike' (required, select element) with the following options: 'Santos', 'Rimonta', 'Gazelle' and 'Wahoo', 
[6] 'Reference '(optional, text) which can hold a link to a website (i.e. Komoot or RWGPS), 
[7] 'Link' (optional, text) which will be used as a short text of the website reference above. The 'Link'-field will initially be disabled and will be enabled if the 'Reference'-field is filled in. If the enabled 'Link' field is left empty by the user it will contain the string 'Link'.
[8] 'Notes' (optional, text). 

Additionally the form will have a 'Add'-button to submit the form to the database table 'rides-table' and a 'Clear'-button which empties all the fields in the form. 

On the second page, the 'Routes' page, the form which corresponds with the 'routes-table' will have the following fields: 
[1] 'Description' (required, text), 
[2] 'Distance' (required, real), 
[3] 'Start' (required, text), 
[4] 'Destination' (required, text), 
[5] 'Surface' (required, select element) with the following option: 'Road', 'Gravel', 'Road/Gravel', 'Gravel/MTB', 
[6] 'Reference' (optional, text) which can hold a link to a website (i.e. Komoot or RWGPS), 
[7] 'Link' (optional, text) which will be used as a short text of the website reference above. The 'Link'-field will initially be disabled and will be enabled if the 'Reference'-field is filled in. If the enabled 'Link' field is left empty by the user it will contain the string 'Link'.
[8] 'Notes' (optional, text). 

Additionally the form will have a 'Add'-button to submit the form to the database table 'routes-table' and a 'Clear'-button which empties all the fields in the form. 

The third page, the 'Statistics' page, will dynamically hold the outcome of the following queries of the 'rides-table':
[1] 'Year Totals'
This table shows the total distance for each year in the database 'rides-table'. The table consists of 3 sortable columns:
1. Year (initially sorted descending)
2. Distance
3. Total number of rides

[2] 'Distance and Rides per Bike in current year 
This table shows the number and total distance per bike in the current year. The table consists of 3 sortable columns:
1. Bike
2. Distance (initially sorted descending)
3. Number

[3] 'Longest Ride per Year'
This table shows the longest ride per year. The table consists of 2 sortable columns:
1. Year
2. Longest Ride (initially sorted descending)

The fourth page, the 'About' page will hold information about the app and the version history. 

For testing purposes I would like both tables 'rides-table' and 'routes-table' to be populated with sample data, like 20 records per table. It is of course important to have different years in the tables, for example '2026', '2025', '2024' and '2023'

Thank you
